Its first draft only:

Alien spaceships seen hovering over major cities on earth (use known landmarks)
 
Narrator voice in perfect British English:
"the day we all feared is upon us.
The destruction of all of humanity…
The extra-terrestrials have found us, they are far more advance, and we cannot push them back any longer.
Humanity has used all of it weapons and technologies.
All has failed.
We are doomed and this is our end.
Unless…
 
 
Army generals with mayor bribeanu in his office in Vaslui:
 
Generals: Mayor Bribeanu, humanity is desperate and you might be our last chance of survival.
We need the Vasluians against the alien invasion.
 
Bribeanu sitting at his chair next to his desk:
"you know my English not so good. We are simple Vasluians. Please try to speak in a way that I will understand."
 
Generals looking at each other.
One rolls his eyes at the other and starts putting cash on Bribeanu's table.
 
"do you understand us better now?"
 
Bribeanu switches to perfect Shakespearean English:
"why certainly kinds sirs.
You have thrown down the gauntlet and the noble Vasluians shall be delighted to oblige"
 
Bribeanu gets up from his chair raising his voice and pointing his finger in the air:
 
"Deploy the Vasluinauts!"     (Vasluian Astronauts)
 
 
Scene changes to an funny looking crappy spaceship shaped like an onion, launching from the village (village surroundings look usual – muddy with drunk people around).
Valeriu the pig is piloting the spaceship is a funny pig spacesuit.
 
The vasluian spaceship gets to space and is facing the alien ships and is face to face with the main alien mother ship.
 
Vasluian spaceship opens and vasile and viorel go out into space – dressed in funny spacesuits (maybe like old scuba gear from 100 years ago), with names patches (Vasile, Viorel) on the top left chest), and on their side-shoulders the flag of Vaslui.
Viorel is holding an axe. Vasile is holding an alcohol bottle in one hand and a pitchfork in the other hand.
 
Cut to alien mothership where the alien commander is looking at his screen at vasile and viorel in space, and laughing
Other aliens next to him in their spaceship also laughing.
 
Cut to the inside of the Vasluian spaceship where the pig is next to a huge tank of mona (see the blue liquid and mona labels on the tank) and dragging a huge hose to the exit of the spaceship where vasile and viorel grab it and connect it to the alien ship.
Valeriu the pig pressed the big red button on the mona tank and mona starts coming out from the tank through the hose in space and into the alien ship.
The mona pours in and all the aliens start getting drunk – walking around like they are drunks losing control, and after a few seconds they all drop dead.
 
Cut to next scene – vasile and viorel in their spacesuits on the alien mothership roasting the head alien on a spit over a barbecue (inside the alien ship)
The alien is impaled and is being grilled and rolled over the barbecue.
Vasile and viorel raise their alcohol bottles and drink.