Listen, folks. Donald Trumpescu here, pig farmer from Vaslui. Very successful pig farmer. Probably even the most successful. 
Born here. Raised here. Very difficult place. Very strong people.
You don't just live in Vaslui.
You survive Vaslui.
I have the best pig in the village.
Valeriu.
Big pig. Beautiful pig. Tremendous pig. 
Frankly, if Valeriu stood on two legs, half the county would probably vote for him as president.  
Gheorghe says his pig is better.
He's lying.
Gheorghe is a liar. Terrible man. He also owes me a Dacia car battery that he borrowed from me back in 2017.
Every morning I walk through the village and the Bunicas are already outside on their bench. 
They know everything. Who got married, who's divorced. Who stole 3 chickens in 2009. Very efficient. Very dangerous women. 
But you gotta love them.
You gotta love the Bunicas. 
Meanwhile Vasile and Viorel are already at the village bar drunk on some questionable Tuica from the local village distillery.
Every day Vasile tells me, “Donald, I'm quitting alcohol". 
I say, “Very good, Vasile.”
He says, “Tomorrow.”
Excellent plan.
Very ambitious.


Viorel is worse.
Viorel doesn't drink only because he likes alcohol.
He drinks because water offended him somehow.
Very strange men.
But very tough.
You gotta respect the toughness. 

On the other hand there's Alina — the Saint of Vaslui.
Probably the only sober person in the entire county.
She's praying all day for everyone else's sins.
Very innocent.
Very holy.

Hear that? 
Whenever there's someone screaming and running away, usually Radu the Rapist is involved. 
He's a bit naughty with the women and isn’t always the best at controlling himself I gotta say. 
But you gotta love Radu.
That rascal's always making us laugh.  

See those delicate flowers over there? 
They're the Vaslui's Angels.
Beautiful girls. 
Very tough girls.
Charlie's Angels, but Romanian.
Hell's Angels, but with fake lips and somebody else's wallet.
If you see them coming you should move out of the way.
Very drunk. Very Violent.  

And now these guys behind Escape from Vaslui — these idiots who created the game, which was already a terrible idea.
Now want to make a crazy comedy show.
A series.
About Vaslui.
I told them, “Guys, it’s a lousy idea". 
They don't listen.
Terrible judgment.
Very stupid.
Frankly, folks, if this thing becomes successful, I want full credit.
If it fails...
I was never involved.
And Valeriu agrees.
He's my legal counsel.
Very smart pig.
You gotta love Valeriu.
You gotta love the Vasluians.

